HUMAN ACTION REQUIRED
HUMAN MANUAL DEPLOY - DO NOT DEPLOY FROM CODEX

Scope
- Codex verified local pre-deploy readiness only.
- Deployment and deployed browser smoke validation remain HUMAN ACTION REQUIRED.
- Do not treat this checklist as evidence that deployed smoke validation has passed.

Pre-Deploy Verification
- Required Planner verification command passed locally:
  node --test test/planner-ux-integration.test.js test/planner-ux-validation.test.js test/planner-ux-continuity.test.js
- Diagnostic Git status before artifact creation was clean.
- Current HEAD summary at verification time:
  3514fca okk

Bounded Human Smoke Flow
1) Human deploys the approved main revision to Cloud Run using the existing normal deployment procedure.
2) Open the deployed /planner page.
3) Verify Workspace selector displays friendly names rather than raw IDs.
4) Select a Workspace and verify Project selector displays only friendly projects belonging to that Workspace.
5) Select Workspace and Project, reload the page, wait for asynchronous selector loading to finish, and verify the remembered Workspace/Project selection is restored.
6) Submit this planning-only request exactly: Proponeme un roadmap de prueba para validar Planner. Solo planificación; no ejecutar nada.
7) Verify the request is presented as Planning/preparing a roadmap and does not indicate Codex, Tasks, EXECUTION_RUNs, or Autopilot execution has started.
8) When the proposal is available, verify the readable roadmap summary appears before technical information.
9) Verify milestone title, objective and friendly lifecycle state are visible while milestone contents remain collapsed initially.
10) Verify Advanced roadmap details and Advanced milestone details are secondary/collapsed and can be opened manually.
11) Verify proposal review actions are correctly gated: Request changes/Approve may be available when appropriate, while Start Autopilot is unavailable before explicit approval.
12) Open Recent Planner Requests and verify the new request appears with friendly Workspace, Project and lifecycle labels.
13) Reopen the recent request and verify the persisted proposal loads without automatically approving, starting, or otherwise mutating lifecycle state.
14) Reload while that Planner request is active and verify active request/context and the latest persisted proposal are restored.
15) STOP the default smoke validation here. Do not click Approve or Start Autopilot unless the human explicitly chooses to validate those actions.

Rollback
If any UX or lifecycle regression is observed, do not continue with approval/start; human rolls Cloud Run back to the prior known-good deployment/revision/commit using the established manual rollback procedure, then reports the exact failing smoke step and observed behavior to W01.
